src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:26:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:26:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:26:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=37, TCC=11.765%)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:26:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=37, TCC=11.765%)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:26:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:26:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:27:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:27:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:30:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'console' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:30:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'console' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:31:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'scanner' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:31:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'scanner' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:40:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:40:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:50:	WhileLoopWithLiteralBoolean:	WhileLoopWithLiteralBoolean: The loop can be simplified.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:50:	WhileLoopWithLiteralBoolean:	WhileLoopWithLiteralBoolean: The loop can be simplified.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'opt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'opt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'choice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'choice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'opt' (lines '65'-'70').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'opt' (lines '65'-'70').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:67:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:67:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:79:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:79:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:93:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:93:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:94:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:94:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'intChoice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'intChoice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'choice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'choice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:134:	DoNotTerminateVM:	DoNotTerminateVM: System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:134:	DoNotTerminateVM:	DoNotTerminateVM: System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:139:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:139:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:140:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:140:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:161:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:163:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:169:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:169:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'opt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'opt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:175:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:175:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:180:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:180:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:185:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:185:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:196:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:196:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:197:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:197:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:204:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:204:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:207:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:207:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:214:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'formatter' (lines '214'-'232').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:214:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'formatter' (lines '214'-'232').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:214:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:214:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:218:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:218:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:223:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:223:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:224:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:224:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:226:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:226:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:229:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:229:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:236:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:236:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:239:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:239:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:242:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:242:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:244:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:244:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:257:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:257:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:259:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:259:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:269:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:269:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optComputer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'optComputer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:277:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:277:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:282:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:282:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:283:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:283:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:288:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:288:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:292:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:292:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:293:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:293:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:303:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:303:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:304:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:304:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:305:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:305:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:306:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/cli/ConsoleControler.java:306:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:27:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ComputerServlet' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=4, NOAM=0, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:27:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ComputerServlet' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=4, NOAM=0, WMC=11)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:30:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:30:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INPUT_COMPUTER_NAME
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INPUT_COMPUTER_NAME
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INPUT_DISCONTINUED
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INPUT_DISCONTINUED
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:44:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'companyService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:44:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'companyService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:45:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:45:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:46:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerMapperDTO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:46:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerMapperDTO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:47:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'addComputerValidator' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:47:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'addComputerValidator' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like addComputerValidator
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like addComputerValidator
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:59:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:59:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:66:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:66:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'companyId' (lines '81'-'86').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'companyId' (lines '81'-'86').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'introduced' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'introduced' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'discontinued' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'discontinued' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addComputerDTO' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addComputerDTO' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ComputerServlet.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:29:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:29:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_NB_ELEMENT_BY_PAGE
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_NB_ELEMENT_BY_PAGE
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SESION_NUMBER_BY_PAGE
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SESION_NUMBER_BY_PAGE
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ATT_PAGE_INDEX_BEGIN
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ATT_PAGE_INDEX_BEGIN
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ATT_PAGE_INDEX_END
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ATT_PAGE_INDEX_END
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ATT_COMPUTER_NUMBER
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ATT_COMPUTER_NUMBER
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:45:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:45:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:46:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerMapper' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:46:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerMapper' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computersDTO' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computersDTO' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:60:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:60:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:62:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:62:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfPageWindow' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'halfPageWindow' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pageIndexBegin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pageIndexBegin' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pageIndexEnd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pageIndexEnd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPage' (lines '86'-'88').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPage' (lines '86'-'88').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringNbByPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringNbByPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbByPage' (lines '94'-'96').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/ListComputerServlet.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbByPage' (lines '94'-'96').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:10:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'errors' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:10:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'errors' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computerDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computerDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/controler/web/validator/AddComputerValidator.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:19:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:19:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:20:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:21:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:21:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like QUERY_SELECT_ALL_LIMIT
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like QUERY_SELECT_ALL_LIMIT
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like QUERY_SELECT_BY_ID
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like QUERY_SELECT_BY_ID
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:33:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:33:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'companies' (lines '46'-'65').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'companies' (lines '46'-'65').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'companies' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'companies' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:53:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:53:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:61:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:61:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'companies' (lines '73'-'90').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'companies' (lines '73'-'90').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'companies' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'companies' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:78:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:78:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:86:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:86:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:99:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'company' (lines '99'-'109').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:99:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'company' (lines '99'-'109').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:99:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'company' (lines '99'-'117').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:99:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'company' (lines '99'-'117').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:105:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:105:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'company' (lines '109'-'117').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'company' (lines '109'-'117').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:113:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:113:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:119:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:122:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:122:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:124:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:124:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:125:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:125:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:127:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:127:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:132:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/CompanyDAO.java:132:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:22:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:22:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:24:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:24:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like QUERY_SELECT_BY_ID
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:27:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like QUERY_SELECT_BY_ID
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:38:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:38:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'computers' (lines '51'-'70').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'computers' (lines '51'-'70').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:58:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:58:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:66:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:66:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'computer' (lines '79'-'89').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'computer' (lines '79'-'89').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'computer' (lines '79'-'97').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'computer' (lines '79'-'97').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:85:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:85:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'computer' (lines '89'-'97').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'computer' (lines '89'-'97').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:93:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:93:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:115:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:115:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:123:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:123:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:127:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:127:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:129:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:129:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:142:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:142:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:149:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:149:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:152:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:152:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:163:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:163:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:169:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:169:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:170:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:170:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:171:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:171:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:174:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:174:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:183:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:183:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:185:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:185:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:186:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:186:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:188:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:188:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:193:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/ComputerDAO.java:193:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:12:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:12:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:14:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:14:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_NAME_CONFIGURATION
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_NAME_CONFIGURATION
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:17:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPERTY_DRIVER_CLASS
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:17:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPERTY_DRIVER_CLASS
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'classLoader' (lines '25'-'35').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'classLoader' (lines '25'-'35').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'classLoader' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'classLoader' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:30:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:30:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:44:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:44:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:48:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:48:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:60:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/Database.java:60:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:9:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:9:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:10:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:10:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:15:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:15:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:39:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The transform method 'toCompanies' should not return void linguistically
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:39:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The transform method 'toCompanies' should not return void linguistically
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/CompanyMapper.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:16:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:16:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:18:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:18:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:25:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:25:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:37:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:37:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestampIntroduced' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestampIntroduced' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like timestampIntroduced
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like timestampIntroduced
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestampDiscontinued' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'timestampDiscontinued' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like timestampDiscontinued
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like timestampDiscontinued
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:43:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'introduced' (lines '43'-'46').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:43:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'introduced' (lines '43'-'46').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:44:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discontinued' (lines '44'-'49').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:44:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discontinued' (lines '44'-'49').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'companyId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'companyId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'companyName' (lines '53'-'63').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'companyName' (lines '53'-'63').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'companyName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'companyName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:54:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'company' (lines '54'-'57').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:54:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'company' (lines '54'-'57').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:56:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:56:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:71:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The transform method 'toComputers' should not return void linguistically
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:71:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The transform method 'toComputers' should not return void linguistically
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'localDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'localDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ps' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dao/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'discontinued' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'discontinued' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'introduced' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'introduced' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:5:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'companyId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'companyId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'companyId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'companyId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/AddComputerDTO.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'companyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'companyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'discontinued' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'discontinued' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'introduced' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'introduced' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:4:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'companyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'companyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/ComputerCompanyNameDTO.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:16:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:16:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computerDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computerDTO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:31:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'computer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'companyName' (lines '52'-'61').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'companyName' (lines '52'-'61').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discontinued' (lines '52'-'58').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discontinued' (lines '52'-'58').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'introduced' (lines '52'-'55').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'introduced' (lines '52'-'55').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:52:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/dto/mapper/ComputerMapper.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/ComputerCompanyIdException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/ComputerCompanyIdException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/ComputerCompanyIdException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/ComputerCompanyIdException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/ComputerCompanyIdException.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/ComputerCompanyIdException.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'throwable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/exception/CustomSQLException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'throwable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:6:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:6:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:9:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:9:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:21:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:22:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:22:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:22:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:22:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:23:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:23:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Company.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Computer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=23.077%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=20)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Computer' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=23.077%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=20)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:8:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:8:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:31:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field introduced has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:31:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field introduced has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:32:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field discontinued has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:32:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field discontinued has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:33:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field company has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:33:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field company has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'introduced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'discontinued' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Computer.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:3:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Page
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:3:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Page
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'elementByPage' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'elementByPage' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:7:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'totalNumberElem' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:7:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'totalNumberElem' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'currentPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'currentPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'elementByPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'elementByPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalNumberElem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'totalNumberElem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/model/Page.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:10:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:10:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:11:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:11:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:12:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'companyDAO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:12:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'companyDAO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:19:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:19:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/CompanyService.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:12:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:12:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:13:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:13:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'instance'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:14:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerDAO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:14:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'computerDAO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:21:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:21:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'computer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/service/ComputerService.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:8:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:8:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:9:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:9:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:14:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:14:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:15:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/target/LaunchConsole.java:15:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:9:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:9:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:18:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:18:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoiceMainMenu.java:18:	UselessParentheses:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:9:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:9:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:17:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:17:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:19:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:19:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:23:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/ChoicePageMenu.java:23:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:5:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:5:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:11:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:11:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:21:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:21:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:22:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:22:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:23:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:23:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:24:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:24:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:25:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:25:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:27:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:27:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:28:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:28:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:30:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:30:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:39:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:39:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:40:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:40:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:41:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:41:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:42:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/Console.java:42:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:8:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:8:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:11:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:11:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:19:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:19:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:20:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:20:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:21:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:21:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sizeColumn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sizeColumn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '39'-'41').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '39'-'41').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '41'-'46').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '41'-'46').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayCompany.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:12:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:12:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:16:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:16:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:25:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:25:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:27:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:27:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sizeColumn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sizeColumn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:30:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:30:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:48:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:48:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:57:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:57:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:77:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '77'-'79').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:77:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '77'-'79').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '79'-'84').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '79'-'84').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '84'-'89').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '84'-'89').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '89'-'95').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '89'-'95').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '95'-'101').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '95'-'101').
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayComputer.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:7:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'DisplayTable' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:7:	ClassNamingConventions:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'DisplayTable' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:7:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:7:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sizeColumn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sizeColumn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:19:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:19:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sizeColumn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sizeColumn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:27:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:27:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:30:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:30:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:36:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/excilys/cdb/ui/DisplayTable.java:36:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
